Proxy support (#653)
ably/ably-go: README.md

)
```

## Proxy support

> - `ably-go` doesn't offer proxy option as a separate feature.
> - Although, you can set it via environment variables and go will take care of setting it internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ably-go` SDK doesn't provide a direct option to set a proxy in its configuration. However, you can use standard environment variables to set up a proxy for all your HTTP and HTTPS connections. The Go programming language will automatically handle these settings.
```

> ```
> HTTP_PROXY=proxy_url
> HTTPS_PROXY=tls_proxy_url
> ```
> 
> - Above configuration should work for both rest and realtime clients.
> - For rest client, you can also set proxy by providing custom http client option `ably.WithHTTPClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting Up Proxy via Environment Variables

To configure the proxy, set the `HTTP_PROXY` and `HTTPS_PROXY` environment variables with the URL of your proxy server. Here's an example of how to set these variables:

```bash
export HTTP_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080
export HTTPS_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080
```

- `proxy.example.com` is the domain or IP address of your proxy server.
- `8080` is the port number of your proxy server.

#### Considerations
- **Protocol:** Make sure to include the protocol (`http` or `https`) in the proxy URL.
- **Authentication:** If your proxy requires authentication, you can include the username and password in the URL. For example: `http://username:password@proxy.example.com:8080`.

After setting the environment variables, the `ably-go` SDK will route its traffic through the specified proxy for both Rest and Realtime clients.

For more details on environment variable configurations in Go, you can refer to the [official Go documentation on http.ProxyFromEnvironment](https://golang.org/pkg/net/http/#ProxyFromEnvironment).

### Setting Up Proxy via custom http client

For Rest client, you can also set proxy by providing custom http client option `ably.WithHTTPClient`:
```
